>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right,
let me real quick address a question about
the different build
environments such as electron.
So one of the things the CLI does
that I think is quite nice is,
if you go into your source environments,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Folder,
you can actually define, basically the
different environments you wanna target
and then start to build out essentially
a pipeline for that environment.
And so if you wanna do electron,
then you could basically create
an electron environment.
Drop it in here and then when you do
build, you could do, entry build and
then set your electron flag.
And then, depending on how you set it up,
it would basically mix that to taste.
And so we have, basically,
production development,
but you can extend this out to infinity,
if you wanted.